# Referral Bonuses

Referrals from people who already work at Popular Pays are one of the best signals we can get about whether or not a candidate will be successful at Popular Pays. Popular Pays employees understand our own needs and what it’s like to work here, and their relationship with the candidate means they know a lot more than we can learn during an interview process.

In order to get good referrals, everyone needs to know which positions are open, know how to start the recruiting process, have time to search their network, and feel aligned with the company incentives. Open positions should be posted on our AngeList page and also in the #recruiting Slack channel so that everyone sees who we’re trying to hire. 

**We offer a $1,000 referral bonus for any new hire that comes from an employee referral to help align company incentives with individual incentives.** All employees (except the hiring manager) are eligible for the referral bonus. The referral date can’t be earlier than the date the job is posted and the hiring of the referred employee has to happen within 180 days (six months) of the initial referral. The referral must represent the candidate’s first contact with Popular Pays, and only the first employee to refer a candidate can get the bonus. The referrer should send the candidate’s information to the hiring manager, should make an introduction to the candidate, and should expect to be engaged during the recruiting and interview process. The referring employee must still be employed by Popular Pays during the hired candidate’s first 30 days of employment, upon which the company will pay 1/2 of the bonus, and the remaining 1/2 will be paid when the referred employee reaches 6 months at the company. Any disputes or interpretations of this program should be sent to the hiring manager or CEO.
